For part one, we made a new activity for the home/save screen which is the screen that is launched by the app. This screen has places to add custom names for team A and team B as well as buttons to create a new game and to view the game history. Pressing on the new game button should lead the user to the main activity screen where they can add scores for the teams. Once the game over button is pressed, the user has the option to save the game. Saving the game should take the user back to the home/save screen and there should now be a string on the top of the screen which informs that user that the game has been saved. Eventually, pressing the save button will also save the game and make it available in game history. The sequence diagram that shows this behavior is included earlier in this file. The intent sent from SaveActivity to MainActivity has two extras: two strings which contain their respective team names. The intent sent from MainActivity to SaveActivity has one extra: a boolean which is true when the game over button for the current game has been pressed. This value is used to determine whether or not the string which informs that user that their game has been saved is visible or invisible.
For part two, we created a fragment (MainFragment) which contains all of the logic and controllers which used to be in MainActivity. We created 2 new xml files for the fragment which contain what used to be in the respective activity_main xml files (which are now frames for a fragment).
For part 3, we created new fragments which use a recycler view to allow scrolling through a list of the game history (using randomly initialized game information). Each of the games in the list have an index, a date, two team names, and the final scores for each team. The screen with the game history can currently be accessed by clicking on the new game button. This will be changed so that it can be accessed by clicking on the game history button or the display button which will add to the screen where you can edit the team scores.
We completed the first three parts (including taking screenshots along the way). We think that this is 50% of the project as there are 6 parts, so we have completed half of them.
This is the link to our github: https://github.com/gabi246/CS4518Project1
